Hello Hello Welcome to the Git Task

Hash: Every commit to a repository has a unique identifier called a hash
Hashes are what enable Git to share data efficiently between repositories. If two files are the same, their hashes are guaranteed to be the same. Similarly, if two commits contain the same files and have the same ancestors, their hashes will be the same as well. Git can therefore tell what information needs to be saved where by comparing hashes rather than comparing entire files.

Pull:The term pull is used to receive data from GitHub. It fetches and merges changes from the remote server to your working directory. The git pull command is used to pull a repository.

Pull request:Pull request allows you to announce a change made by you in the branch. Once a pull request is opened, you are allowed to converse and review the changes made by others. It allows reviewing commits before merging into the main branch.
Pull request is created when you committed a change in the GitHub project, and you want it to be reviewed by other members. You can commit the changes into a new branch or an existing branch.
Once you've created a pull request, you can push commits from your branch to add them to your existing pull request.


Fetch: The "git fetch" command is used to pull the updates from remote-tracking branches. Additionally, we can get the updates that have been pushed to our remote branches to our local machines. 

Stash : The git stash command enables you to switch branches without committing the current branch.
Generally, the stash's meaning is "store something safely in a hidden place." The sense in Git is also the same for stash; Git temporarily saves your data safely without committing.

Clone : The git clone is a command-line utility which is used to make a local copy of a remote repository. It accesses the repository through a remote URL.

Branch :  The git branch command allows you to create, list, rename and delete branches.

Commit : A commit command is used to fetch updates from the staging area to the repository.

Checkout : The git checkout command is used to switch between branches in a repository. Be careful with your staged files and commits when switching between branches.

Push : The "git push" command is used to push into the repository. The push command can be considered as a tool to transfer commits between local and remote repositories. 

Pull : The pull command is used to access the changes (commits)from a remote repository to the local repository. It updates the local branches with the remote-tracking branches.


